c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\MusicStorev1.exe.config
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\MusicStorev1.exe
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\MusicStorev1.pdb
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.MusicStoreStart.resources
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.exe
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.pdb
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.MusicStoreRegister.resources
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.MusicStoreLogIn.resources
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.MusicStoreOpen.resources
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.Test.resources
C:\Users\Filip\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicStorev1\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\MusicStorev1.exe.config
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\MusicStorev1.exe
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\MusicStorev1.pdb
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.MusicStoreOpen.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.MusicStoreLogIn.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.MusicStoreStart.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.MusicStoreRegister.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.Test.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.exe
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MusicStoreApp-master\VisualStudioProject\MusicStorev1\obj\Debug\MusicStorev1.pdb
